docs: update references to old a32nx repo (#874)
flybywiresim/docs: docs/dev-corner/development-projects/index.md

| Projects                                                                           | Description                                                                                                                                                                                               |
|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------|:----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | [Aircraft](https://github.com/flybywiresim/aircraft){target=new}                         | Main project where FlyByWire A32NX and A380 are developed                                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Aircraft](https://github.com/flybywiresim/aircraft){target=new}                         | Main project where the FlyByWire A32NX and A380X are developed                                                                                                                                                |
```
